[DOCS][KSPM] Adds section for Findings to the Elastic Sec UI overview (#2333)
elastic/security-docs: docs/getting-started/security-ui.asciidoc

[role="screenshot"]
image::detections/images/alert-page.png[]

[float]
=== Findings page

> The Findings page provides an overview of your Kubernetes infrastructure configuration's performance on a range of security benchmarks. Refer to <<kspm, Kubernetes security posture management>>.

Reviewer: "Kubernetes infrastructure configuration's performance" is a long construction; could we shorten, with "configuration" implied as part of the infrastructure?
```suggestion
The Findings page provides an overview of your Kubernetes infrastructure's performance on a range of security benchmarks. Refer to <<kspm, Kubernetes security posture management>>.
```

[role="screenshot"]

> image::cloud-native-security/images/findings-page.png[The Findings page]

Reviewer: Image still needs a little TLC. If it's not possible to re-do with higher res (maybe dev provided it), no worries. Just add the border so it matches the other screenshots on the UI page.

> image::cloud-native-security/images/findings-page.png[The Findings page]

Reviewer: This image looks a little fuzzy on my monitor -- usually that happens if the image was scaled down when it was saved. Snagit has an option to do this, but I always make sure it's unchecked to get a higher-quality image:
<img width="500" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/87339667/185968761-4e1e7e61-c601-45c3-990f-7034762b6ca0.png">
